1.	Follow the sample repo structure to create your repo and share with trainers. Please set the repo in public mode and send us the link on Aug-04.
2.	Use Python to generate raw data based on business problem. Sample code was provided, please re-write/adjust it so that the script will work in your scenario.
3.	Follow the sample solution design to create your own. You can add other data sources if needed.
4.	Provide detailed solution design. (With file, database, solution names... so trainers can easily understand your solution)
5.	Develop solution to ingest, transform, load and visualize data to solve business problem. Please think about the maintenance work so you have a good solution. A good solution will require minimum maintenance, the pipeline should run automatically with almost 0 interference and any issue can be easily identified so other people can quickly fix it. Solution must also be easy to deploy and deployment guideline must be included in the Readme file.
6.	Perform proper testing/validating to make sure the solution will work in different scenarios. In Presentation day, each team have to run the solution as a demo.
7.	Penalties will be applied if the submission is not completed (missing components), missing deadlines, misuse of components or using them for wrong purposes… based on severity.
8.	Provide a sql script on MSSQL so that when others run the script, the whole database structure (database, schema, table, constraints, jobs, schedule,…) can be created in their local server.
9.	Provide a sql script on Snowflake so that when others run the script, the whole warehouse structure (virtual warehouse, database, schema, table, constraints, tasks, pipe,…) can be created in their Snowflake account.
10.	Each team work on 1 repo, 1 Snowflake account, 1 Power BI desktop file. Please utilize Git to collaborate. Each member can work in their own MSSQL instance but make sure the scripts can run in both. Each member should have their own Power BI service dashboard using the same Power BI desktop file but to analyse different aspects of business issue.
11.	Each team create Snowflake users for trainers  based on our fsoft email and grant us proper access. The credentials can be put in Git.
12.	Please put the SSIS solutions onto repo (NOT packages). Solutions have to be deployed in your local server under SSIS catalog.
13.	Power BI service dashboards can't be published (because of limited access level) but team have to be able to present them in the presentation.
